Thank everyone super excited and full of energy. They have to leave you an interest. This is gonna be a new one for Dave and I for sure Like I don't think we have done the lot on the howdy tapdown show before. All right, um, so Full disclosure that the first time Dave and I are doing so I'm not quite sure we have their gig down right so we want to fill us joining us and we're going to start doing this hopefully on a regular basis. The first one off it's a get to know Phil and so Phil, welcome to the team. I'll do a quick intro. They feel free to chime in and then there's a set of questions that we will ask out Phil and we'll try and set aside some time at the back end for all of you to go ahead and ask questions. As always, my preamble. This is not going to be fun if you just let the three of us talk. So I'm hoping you guys all ask questions everyone does. It actually gets more fun that way. You get to ask us some better things stuff. Focus on Phil if you can. But the two of us are also fair game. the film was mentioning scout the scout piece of it I was at the town at Amazon before it was the kick me to bring him on so I don't know if I've ever got nowhere that one so you have a let me I have a question for you I mean you have a pretty broad spectrum understanding of it not only from the standpoint of core robotics but also far rather than that. Divided is a fantastic way. That's where it's from the predictive prediction and forecasting kind of originated, so to speak, that we now end up using in this space. What is your vision for autonomy? An AI, specifically for emotional but in general too, how do you see this space evolving? How do you see us evolving with that? Yeah, no, that was cool. I can, as you say, we can sit and talk for about three hours on this one, but that was something that was a really good summary of how to kind of balance todays and then kind of continue moving forward into the future. That was pretty cool. I had a different perspective of as curious about to get you take on on the same thing. We're all, For the emotional duration, we've been an R&D organization primarily. We're leading the technology to it. I think in the off-site, especially Jack and was talking about the inflection point, that happens when you transition from an R&D to something that you have to do in commercial and operative service, and do the R&D in work through this lockstep with each other. When you would include some show you experience that. There is a this push pull of trying to move things forward just as a step by step progression because you have a commercial service out there and yet knowing that you have to make some fundamental architectural changes to be able to leap frog what needs to be done. How do you think we should set ourselves up whether it's mentally or organizationally or however for us to be able to deal with that?
