Thank you everyone. Super excited and full of energy. Definitely being interested.
This is going to be a new one for Dave and I for sure. Like I don't think we've done the
lot on how he tapped down show before. All right. Um, so full disclosure is the first time
Dave and I are doing so I'm not quite sure we have their gig down, right? So we want to fill
us joining us and we're going to start doing this hopefully on a regular basis. Um, the first one
off it's a get to know Phil and so Phil, Phil, welcome, joined. Welcome to the team. Um, I'll do a
quick intro. Dave, feel free to chime in and then there's a set of questions that we will ask
out Phil and we'll try and set aside some time at the back end for all of you to go ahead and ask
questions. Um, as always my preamble, this is not going to be fun. If you just let the three of us talk.
So I'm hoping you guys all ask questions. Everyone does. It actually gets more fun that way. You get to
ask us embarrassing stuff, focus on Phil if you can. Uh, but the two of us are also fair game.
Uh, Phil was mentioning the scout, uh, the scout piece of it. I was at scout at Amazon before Phil
was, um, they kicked me to bring him on. So I don't know. I don't know if I've ever got
know what that one. Um, so you have a, let me, I have a question for you, Phil. I mean,
you have a pretty broad spectrum understanding of it, not only from the standpoint of core robotics,
but also far broader than that, derivative is a fantastic way. That's where some of the
predictive prediction and forecasting kind of originated, so to speak, that we now end up using
in the space. What is your vision for autonomy and AI specifically for emotional, but in general,
too, how do you see this space evolving? How do you see us evolving with that? Yeah, no,
that was cool. I can, as you said, we can sit and talk for about three hours on this one. But,
but that was, I think, was a really good summary of how to kind of balance today's and then
kind of continue to move forward into the future. Um, that was pretty cool. I had a different
perspective. I was curious about to get your take on, on the same thing. Um, we're all
for the, the, the emotional duration, we've been an army organization, primarily,
we've been leading the technology towards it. I think in the off side, especially, uh,
Jacqueline was talking about the inflection point that happens when you transition from an
army to something that you have to do in commercial and operator service and do the R&D and work
through this lockstep with each other. When you were in cruise, I'm sure you experienced that.
There is a, there's a push pull off of trying to move things forward just as a step-by-step
progression because you have a commercial service out there. And yet knowing that you have to make
some fundamental architectural changes to be able to leapfrog what needs to be done.
How do you think we should set ourselves up, whether it's mentally or organizationally or
however, for us to be able to deal with that?
