Thank everyone super excited and full of energy they have an immediate interest this is gonna be a new one for Dave and i for sure like i don't think we've done the lot on the hardy tap dance show before all right um so full disclosure is the first time Dave and i are doing so i'm not quite sure we have their gig down right so uh we wanted to fill us joining us and we're gonna start doing this hopefully on a regular basis um the first one off it's a get to know phil So felt Phil welcome joined welcome to the team um i'll do a quick intro they feel free to chime in and then there's a set of questions uh that they that we will ask out phil and we'll try and set aside some time at the back end for all of you to go ahead and and ask questions um as always my preamble this is not going to be fun if you just let the three of us talk so i'm hoping you guys all ask questions everyone does it actually gets more from that way you get to ask us some better things stuff focus on phil if you can uh But the two of us are also fair game. Phil was mentioning the scout, the scout piece of it. I was at scout at Amazon before Phil was. They kicked me to bring him on. So I don't know. I don't know if I've ever gotten over that one. So you have a let me I have a question for you Phil. I mean, you have a pretty broad spectrum understanding of it not only from the standpoint of core robotics, but also far broader than that. Derivatives is a fantastic way. That's where some of the predictive predictive predictive and forecasting kind of originated, so to speak, that we now end up using in the space. What is your vision for autonomy in AI, specifically for emotional but in general, to how do you see the space evolving? How do you see us evolving with that? - Yeah, no, that was cool. As you said, we can sit and talk about three hours on this one, but that was, I think, was a really good summary of how to balance today's and then can I continue to move forward into the future. That was pretty cool. I had a different perspective that was curious about to get your take on the same thing. We're all, for the emotional duration, we've been an R&D organization primarily. We've been building the technology towards it. I think in the offside, especially Jacqueline was talking about the inflection point that happens when you transition from an R&D to something that you have to do in commercial and operator service. and do the R&D and work through this lockstep with each other. When you were in cruise, I'm sure you experienced that. There is a push pull of trying to move things forward just as a step-by-step progression because you have a commercial service out there. And yet, knowing that you have to make some fundamental architectural changes to be able to leapfrog what needs to be done, how do you think we should set ourselves up, whether it's mentally or organizationally or however, for us to be able to deal with that?