 Thank you everyone super excited and full of energy Definitely being interested. This is gonna be a new one for Dave and I for sure like I don't think we've done the Lottong the hardy tap down show before all right so Full disclosure is the first time Dave and I are doing so I'm not quite sure we have their gig down right so We want to fill us joining us and we're gonna start doing this hopefully on a regular basis The first one off it's a get to know fill and so felt feel welcome joined welcome to the team I'll do a quick intro. They feel free to chime in and then there's a set of questions That they they will ask out fill and we'll try and set aside some time at the back end for all of you to go ahead and ask questions As always my preamble this is not gonna be fun if you just let the three of us talk So I'm hoping you guys all ask questions everyone does It actually gets more fun that way you get to ask us embarrassing stuff focus on fill if you can But the two of us are also fair game Fill was mentioning the scout the scout piece of it. I was at scout at Amazon before fill was They kicked me to bring him on so I don't know. I don't know if I've ever got know what that one So you have a let me I have a question for you Phil I mean you have a pretty broad spectrum understanding of it not only from the standpoint of core robotics but also far Broadened that derivative is a fantastic way. That's where some of the predictive Prediction and forecasting kind of originated so to speak that that we now end up using in the space What is your vision for autonomy and AI? Specifically for emotional but in general too. How do you see this space evolving? How do you see us evolving with that? Yeah, I know that was cool. I can as you said we can sit and talk for about three hours on this one But but that was I think was a really good summary Of how do can I balance today's and then can I continue to move forward into the future? That's pretty cool. I Had a different perspective. I was curious about to get your take on on the same thing we're all For the the emotional duration. We've been an army organization primarily We've been leading the technology towards it. I think in the off-site especially Jacqueline was talking about the inflection point that happens when you transition from an army To something that you have to do in commercial and operator service and do the R&D and work through this lockstep with each other When you were in cruise, I'm sure you experienced that there is a this push pull off Of trying to move things forward just as a step-by-step progression because you have a commercial service out there And yet knowing that you have to make some fundamental architectural changes to be able to leapfrog what needs to be done How do you think we should set ourselves up whether it's mentally or organizationally or however For us to be able to deal with that